contents/2022-10-25/start-python-variables-and-functions.md, before:

---
date: '2022-10-25 00:00:00'
title: 'Start Python - variables and functions'
category: 'Study'
tags: ['python', 'study']
summary: ''
thumbnail: './default.png'
---

<small><em>last modified: 2022-11-04</em></small>

# Variable
## declaration
```python
# declaration
# variable_name = value

# string
name = "neon"
greeting = f"Hello, {name}"

# number
days_in_one_week = 7

# Boolean
false_value = False
true_value = True
```

## use library and get methods
- link: https://docs.python.org/3/library/
```python
# use library like below
from random import random, randint
```


# Functions
## function definition
- Function names cannot contain spaces and cannot begin with numbers
- Using parameter(s) in functions by argument(s)
```python
# declaration
# def fn_name(args):
#   write(codes_with_indent)
#   can_use(args)
def plus(a, b):
  return a + b
```

## return values
```python
# fn_name(params)
result = plus(2, 4) # 6
```
- When python meets a `return`, the function stops running and Python leaves the function
```python
def plus_weird(a, b):
  return a + b
  print(f"a is {a}, b is {b}")
``` 

## *args, **kwds
- Set not only argument(s) but also keyword argument(s) 
```python
# using arg(argument)
plus(2, 4)

# using kwds(keyword argument)
plus(a=2, b=4)
```

## default parameters
- Set default parameter values when declaring a function
- If the argument was not given, python use the default value instead printing error
- So the parameter with default value is optional parameter.
```python
def say_hello(user_name="anonymous"):
  print("Hello", user_name)

say_hello() # Hello anonymous
```

Commit message:

Blog layout update (#3)
* add timestamp in date frontmatter to sort posts

* update content title

* apply lint

* fix content style, global css

* update content title

* writing contents 🚧

* add `gatsby-remark-autolink-headers` plugin

* modified content

* add ref content's url

* correct wrong typo and supplement a sentence

* 🚧 writing this content

* fix gatsby-remark-autolink-headers plugin position

* make checklist to To-do list

* content modified

* update global style

* add theme-color meta tag

* update index page layout

* upate post head layout in post template

* modified contents

* change heading levels

* new post

* reply lint

* 🚧 writing post

* update thumbnail image to twemoji and add toc

* add scroll top button

* change thumbnail content's order

* update post layout

* remove wrapper margin to min width 1300px

* change ScrollTop location and add transition

* remove thumbnail default image

* expand index content layout

* add behavior: 'smooth' in scrollTo

* change emojis

* add new content

* fix typos

* update post head information layout

* update toc grouping

* update content style

* update thumbnail wrapper background & tags format

* add tags and summary in contents

* add image

* add root variables

* update mobile layout and UIs

* update post template layout and mobile css

* change ScrollTopCTA location

* add ScrollTopCTA to index page

* update media-query

* add navigator in global

* create portfolio page

* add h1

* add content

* fix text overflow ellipsis

* change file name

* create portfolio image static dir

* change file name

* add style to blockquote element

* add blog home item

Co-authored-by: ny.yi <2n.nayeon.yi@daum.net>

contents/2022-10-25/start-python-variables-and-functions.md, after:

---
date: '2022-10-25 00:00:00'
title: 'Start Python - variables and functions'
category: 'Basic'
tags: ['python', 'study']
summary: 'How to use Variables and Functions in Python'
emoji: '📝' 
---

<small><em>last modified: 2022-11-04</em></small>

# Variable
## declaration
```python
# declaration
# variable_name = value

# string
name = "neon"
greeting = f"Hello, {name}"

# number
days_in_one_week = 7

# Boolean
false_value = False
true_value = True
```

## use library and get methods
- link: https://docs.python.org/3/library/
```python
# use library like below
from random import random, randint
```


# Functions
## function definition
- Function names cannot contain spaces and cannot begin with numbers
- Using parameter(s) in functions by argument(s)
```python
# declaration
# def fn_name(args):
#   write(codes_with_indent)
#   can_use(args)
def plus(a, b):
  return a + b
```

## return values
```python
# fn_name(params)
result = plus(2, 4) # 6
```
- When python meets a `return`, the function stops running and Python leaves the function
```python
def plus_weird(a, b):
  return a + b
  print(f"a is {a}, b is {b}")
``` 

## *args, **kwds
- Set not only argument(s) but also keyword argument(s) 
```python
# using arg(argument)
plus(2, 4)

# using kwds(keyword argument)
plus(a=2, b=4)
```

## default parameters
- Set default parameter values when declaring a function
- If the argument was not given, python use the default value instead printing error
- So the parameter with default value is optional parameter.
```python
def say_hello(user_name="anonymous"):
  print("Hello", user_name)

say_hello() # Hello anonymous
```
