contents/2022-10-26/start-python-control-flow.md, before:

---
date: '2022-10-26'
title: 'Start Python - control flow'
category: 'Python'
tags: ['python', 'study']
summary: ''
thumbnail: './default.png'
---

## Control the flow

- **If**
```python
# if (condition=True):
if age < 18:
	print('Lower then 18')

if not age < 18:
	print('Higher then 18 or equal')
```

- **Else, Elif**
```python
if age < 18:
	print('Lower then 18')
elif age >= 18 and age <= 40:
	print('Between 18 and 40, and include these numbers')
else: 
	print('Higher then 40')
```

- **And, Or**
```python
# (condition) and (condition)
print(True and True) # True
print(True and False) # False
print(False and True) # False
print(False and False) # False

# (condition) or (condition)
print(True or True) # True
print(True or False) # True
print(False or True) # True
print(False or False) # False
```

### Iterator
- **While**
```python
# while (condition=True):
while True:
	run(codes)
```

- **For** loop
```python
# for (keyword of each item) in (list)
for day in ['Mon', 'Tue', 'Wed', 'Thu', 'Fri', 'Sat', 'Sun']:
	print(day)

# Mon
# Tue
# Wed
# Thu
# Fri
# Sat
# Sun
```
- That `list`, in above, not just like `list()`, means a set of statements: _list, tuple, set..._

Commit message:

layout update (#2)
* add timestamp in date frontmatter to sort posts

* update content title

* apply lint

* fix content style, global css

* update content title

* writing contents 🚧

* add `gatsby-remark-autolink-headers` plugin

* modified content

* add ref content's url

* correct wrong typo and supplement a sentence

* 🚧 writing this content

* fix gatsby-remark-autolink-headers plugin position

* make checklist to To-do list

* content modified

* update global style

* add theme-color meta tag

* update index page layout

* upate post head layout in post template

* modified contents

* change heading levels

* new post

Co-authored-by: ny.yi <2n.nayeon.yi@daum.net>

contents/2022-10-26/start-python-control-flow.md, after:

---
date: '2022-10-26 13:23:54'
title: 'Start Python - control flow'
category: 'Study'
tags: ['python', 'study']
summary: ''
thumbnail: './default.png'
---

<small><em>last modified: 2022-11-04</em></small>

# Control the flow

# Comparison operator
- `a == b`: a equals b
- `a != b`: a not equals b
- `a > b`: a bigger than b
- `a <= b`: a equals b or smaller than b


# If
```python
# if (condition=True):
if age < 18:
	print('Lower then 18')

if not age < 18:
	print('Higher then 18 or equal')
```

## Else, Elif
```python
if age < 18:
	print('Lower then 18')
elif age >= 18 and age <= 40:
	print('Between 18 and 40, and include these numbers')
else: 
	print('Higher then 40')
```

## And, Or
```python
# (condition) and (condition)
print(True and True) # True
print(True and False) # False
print(False and True) # False
print(False and False) # False

# (condition) or (condition)
print(True or True) # True
print(True or False) # True
print(False or True) # True
print(False or False) # False
```

# Iterator

## While
```python
# while (condition=True):
while True:
	run(codes)
```

## **For** loop
```python
# for (keyword of each item) in (list)
for day in ['Mon', 'Tue', 'Wed', 'Thu', 'Fri', 'Sat', 'Sun']:
	print(day)

# Mon
# Tue
# Wed
# Thu
# Fri
# Sat
# Sun
```
- That `list`, in above, not just like `list()`, means a set of statements: _list, tuple, set..._
